Sooner or later I have to settle this account with the people named Jiang and Xiao.
So Yiyi, just come back.
If I don't come back, how can I thank you for your great kindness to our family?
You heard your uncle say that what happened to your parents was purely an accident.
My uncle did this to keep the company.
Understand, I have to thank you.
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be where I am today.
Master Sun, how can I help you all?
It's nothing, Yiyi said,
If he wants to come back to see you, I will accompany him.
I like to be lively
But I don’t like people, so
I'll let the butler
Clear everyone away
Ruined your auction
I really don’t want to return the favor, Director.
despite orders
After I got together with Yi
My health has improved a lot these past two days.
I checked
company accounts
Found a few months ago
There is a fund of 5 billion
Got your name
The approving person did not leave a name
I don’t know what I did.
Just looking at it
On the day of payment
It happens to be the review group
When there are operational problems
After the bankruptcy of provincial and municipal groups
The five billion will be paid back
For the Jiang family
This money doesn't count at all
There is not even JD management responsibility
Just in the Jiang family
able to pass the board of directors
You can pay the date
There are only four firsts
The richest man in Linjiang
My grandfather Jiang Yang
But these years
He has been abroad
Little Mao little people
Can’t return it to JD.com
Lin Jiang is the second richest man
We are today
The first episode and the third episode
My aunt Jiang Yuyu
But I checked
After the bankruptcy of Shen Group
They are also in the stock market
I lost a lot of money, so
It shouldn't be her
Then this last
That's all that's left
That's up to me